Look at you beautiful people how are you feeling tonight we're here at the
lovely downtown dynasty theater my name is Brandon Johnson I also wish I was
Jeff Davis too but in lieu of that let's wish him a happy birthday happy
birthday Jeff
excellent work my friends let's get started you know him you love him if
you're lucky you might get to sit next to him Rob Schrab yeah
Creepshow director Rob Schrab Creepshow director Rob Schrab
Dungeon Master Game Blaster he doesn't say pasta pasta
tonight so much show so let's get down you know the men's name god damn it put your hands together for the mayor Dan Hormann
October Boo Spooky Spooky Show welcome to the Spookiest Show October is the scariest month you know I remember a ghost like to eat
Toast it's a boring song all right let's uh what's going on everybody you guys have a good weekend okay
oh yeah yeah whoa I don't have I don't really have anything to talk about so
thanks for coming but we have some guests we can we can chat with them all
all kinds of stuff you guys hear about that Adams family the I mean I've heard
about them yeah those guys are crazy like you mean like the oh oh cuz it's
October yeah yeah yeah yeah they're nuts man oh yeah they're all together ookey
yeah yeah they're like attack each other what came for it so the monsters came
second right like the Adams family pretty sure and then the monsters well
the Adam's family Adam's family was a like a comic comic strip yeah yeah and then
they turned it in and then monsters are like anybody can do that yeah you're
doing it wrong who's the Frankenstein Lurch that was the month as the
scientist name you see that's the kind of snobby shit that's gonna get all of
those Adams family expates from coming over to the monster side his name is
Herman yeah I what what what I can make my own cable now like it doesn't even
matter what kind why are you doing that what what channels can you make your
splicing cables yeah cuz that will you splice the food network with Comedy
Central go can you splice the history channel with Nickelodeon Nickelodeon's
go can you splice I don't know I got it I got it can you splice spike TV with
Namden the reason for making your own cable is for cable management you want
to you don't want to have a bunch of extra loopy loops you get a hundred feet
of cable what are the odds that you need to go a hundred feet away you know you
probably usually need 71 feet of cable right you know I got I got one 100 foot
cable and had a bunch of extra going to the monitor I needed then I took all the
extra and I just cut it through another connector on there took the extra slack
that I cut off use that to keep the chain going to another monitor it's really
satisfying I got I took that hundred foot cable and I turned it into a feed
for three different monitors in my in my gym can you rewire my sound system no
oh so you don't know how to well I don't actually don't know how to make
audio cable yeah okay I can only make coax call me when you're ready I think
all music is just streamed now I think you can just stream it not not when I'm
watching a movie and the sounds coming through the speakers you can't stream
that can you fix my sound system I thought you did a great job on there
Rick and Morty drafts thank you very much I'm very proud of that I'm glad you
liked it pleasure to read thank you thank you reminding you that I'm your
boss I don't know yeah I got I don't have to make up things to talk about it
seems like I'd have a lot to talk about I could talk about creep show okay let's
talk about creep show robs rob's creep show show called creep show shutter which
is an app to streaming service here a streaming soup who la la a streaming
service just let me have a fucking win for two seconds you're like a fucking
xenomorph you let it compliment comes out and then you suck it back in I love
when nerds fight cuz they say xenomorph you could have just been like you like
a asshole you're a real dick right now but you were like man you like Clark
flap to the fourth power bitch all right we're standing up for me I gave you
props for what could have been a basic put down but was really extra I was on
your side good job until now streaming service from here it's not my
streaming service and the streaming service didn't premiere my episode of
the new show alright yeah there's a premiere on a streaming service
subscribe to shutter if you'd like yes spelled with D's not not T is not my
god you can't it's so difficult what you to compliment me what the fuck I'm
trying to help them find it shutter we've been talking about this since
February go ahead what my man made a spooky it's on this app streamer it's
called shutter it's spelled I mean I won't tell him how to spell it go to the
app store download that shit you probably get a free preview maybe you got a
big promise some you'll pay him five dollars a month later or something but
you probably time enough to watch Schrab's episode it's pretty good I liked
it you know what just he got the guest out I'm so sorry he got to work with a
bunch of his heroes Tom Savini yeah Nick Attaro Jeffrey Combs yeah cutty
yeah cutty Tom Savini you'll you'll you'll you'll know from I mean that's
the guy did all the all the makeup for all the George Romero yeah dead movies
and he also played in dawn of the dead he was like the leader of the biker gang
he gets sex machine and dust still don't yeah sex machine and dust hold on
that's right the guy with the little the little Gatling gun belt buckle that's
Tom yeah it's kind of cool pretty cool really cool it was amazing yeah and he
was very nice and his wife is very nice to and we had a great time yeah Kate
was out Kate there was that's what it's gonna say speaking of wives Kate go
ahead no that was it Kate speaking of my my my wonderful brilliant wife played
the the French yeah she's all over that thing yeah she's did a major does a
tremendous job yeah okay very good so take a look I hope you like it and yeah
it I was pretty excited I had a great time at your older place did you get to
meet Stephen King now met his son Joe Hill who wrote Tom Savini's episode yeah
I met him yeah I met him too he was in the original creep show yeah he played a
little boy that got slapped by Tom Atkins wait in what which in that remember
when the the the installment the book in where Tom Atkins finds the comic book
he's the little boy oh wow yeah wow that's Joe Hill yeah yeah yeah yep yep yep
yeah that is funny yeah I mean it's striking isn't it I'm sure Joe Hill
doesn't want us to but you you met him and you thought the same thing I did
which is like god damn those Stephen King jeans are potent yeah like like what
it does do you get 50% for me yeah like parent or or what what in the hell man
and sounds a lot like and I met his kids did you meet Joe's kids cuz it's like
you can see I saw finally nature's getting a crowbar in there like his kids
only look like half Stephen King yeah it's just striking like like like how
much I'm sure I'm sure no nobody wants to really hear that that much although I
don't mind but I look a lot like my dad and people would tell me that as I was
growing up like god damn you look like your dad and I would I never took a
fence yeah I look like my dad and Stephen King wrote like only I knew my
dad damn
so enjoy your privilege
oh Brandon would it make you feel better if I brought out three white men yes all
right our next guests are the founding fathers and hosts of the of I heart
radios stuff stuff you should know networks there's a lot of apostrophes
in their chain but their podcast is stuff they don't want you to know please
welcome Matt, Ben and Noel from that podcast you guys held your applause for
last names and I'm like no hi guys no problem
I'm a bad I'm a bad introducer I said please welcome Matt, Ben and Noel and
and they waited because they thought I was gonna say Shaq it was just much
farther away I thought I thought you nailed it okay thank you I don't I'm
waiting to decide so when I was much younger Art Bell was still on the air
with coast-to-coast and he would he would open up his lines to like alien
abductees time travelers and he'd talk about all the usual stuff and reptoids
hallowearth holla back there was typically I think we were in a kind of a
Camelot for a while even when there were Republican presidents is like life was
not so politically mired it really didn't matter and Art Bell was so long
ago and then his his the throne's been handed off and stuff and it was just I
just recently listened to this is my opening question I just recently
listened to whoever it was who's the guy that took over for for art George Norrie
George yeah I was listening to it just happened across an episode of his show
maybe a couple years ago and there was some guy that was like talking about you
know carnivorous plants or something and how they're still hiding their
existence in the hallowearth or whatever he was talking about and the guy was
just going on and on on the phone and then he's like and that's why they don't
want you to believe in Donald Trump that's the thing and he started going
because he's not part of the system and they're trying to hold him back and he
got like he got a couple sentences out and then George eventually he's just
like Tom Tom Tom I got to cut you off there that's I'm sorry but that is the
one topic the one topic we just can't talk about on this show and I thought
that was so striking conspiracy theory culture like you got the we are now
living in this time when it's like there's like eight ironies there that I
can't describe but anyways I you guys have like this super intelligent kind of
approach to talking about conspiracy theories you you you're you and and
that's what impresses me about your show you keep it you keep it unmyred you
don't lose your wigs and you don't have call-ins from people that are like hey I
just talked about we have a hotline we do we do do call-in episodes or we play
back the the most bad shit ones it's just not live just in case and I guess
that's just kind of how we met is that I was commenting to Spencer we were talking
about that NPR the radio lab episode where you and I were disagreeing and I
brought these guys up I just mentioned them and said you know I've been as a
hobbyist I've been getting into centrisms no offense I was like wow
these guys have been talking about this topic for an hour and they haven't like
and then you might be somebody must have told you guys as they do in the
internet a Dan Harmon talked about you or whatever then we then now we've met
now you're on the show Dan ask them a question the how are you guys pretty
great yeah this is absurdly surreal what is it like to be smart and into
conspiracy theories well loaded question yeah yeah you definitely framed us up
there yeah I I what do we what do we call we call it a critical thinking
approach to conspiracy yeah which is important distinction yeah because so
there's when I think any of us hear the term conspiracy theory especially now
and I appreciate that you pointed out this like schism that's occurring where
the there are a bunch of very far right people who are now into conspiracy
theories yeah well they always were but they were never I think it's the other
way around it not to get derailed by this but I almost feel like people that
were fringe it's just it was the same on the on the left with the Bernie Sanders
phenomena is it people that considered themselves fringe in the camelot of the
bipartisan days people that were like what's with this election shit and it's
like like the fringe got drawn into the to the process and I think that like
people that didn't know they were right wing 15 years ago figured out that they
were yeah which was really disconcerting for me because I'm like hey I wanted to
talk about hollow earth and flat earth and anything but I can't do it anymore
when it's now it's connected directly to yeah that's why women should yeah there's
always that plot twist and it happens to us a lot too we'll be reading what what
I think we all agree is like a fascinating correspondence or something
where someone has this really out there idea but they've thought it through they
have internal logic and we we get into like paragraph four page four and they
go and that's why Donald Trump just like just like George Norrie runs into we
we prefer the term conspiracy realist because there's there's insidious
language that happens if you are on the new or you're watching a new show a few
years ago someone would say the idea that the international banks are laundry
money for drug cartels is a conspiracy theory and then they would say that
because it's sort of a thought terminating cliche and now all the
sudden saying that drug cartels are working with banks to launder dirty
money is the same thing is saying that the Queen of England is somehow a half
reptilian alien and the difference is that one of those things is fucking true
you know yeah yeah that's a really good point the and you guys always parse out
your your things the structure of your show is that you you kind of announce
the topic and then you you you say here are the facts and you you you lay them
all out it is it I always find it kind of important to go like oh yeah yeah yeah
it is it is important to keep those things separated that I can't I can't
think of a good example of a topic where you're kind of like yeah I thought I knew
the facts but actually what's important is to build a little box around what you
know to be the case because it often contains a bunch of crazy shit and then
you you'll typically take a little break and then you usually will then come
back from that break and say here's where it gets crazy and then talk about
the the more unproven assertions that may be associated with those things and so
is that why you guys got into it in the first place or is it among this among
this trio is there a are there differing philosophies on this is is Noel like a
dude there's a big foot for real and I have to hang out these fucking nerds
just to get them to talk about it I don't know like I guess there's sort of we
do have kind of like different roles I guess I'm sort of maybe more of the
skeptic Matt's a bit more of a true believer about some of these things I
don't want to like it has a lot to do with their background I grew up in the
church very heavily when I was growing up church it was the United Methodist
Church that's where how I got my start and I did too but I think yours was a
little more hardcore than mine yeah sure but our core Methodist those
wafers oh so we I lost my religion as you know many of us probably have a
little bit at least when you get to college or you're really like getting
more academic and listen to Pink Floyd and you're like there's no way God is
right I was honestly I was listening to jars of clay right up into college like
that kind of music that record fucking slaps I do praise yeah no it's all good
yeah that's just that's just where I was I mean that's where I grew up is in an
isolated town in in Georgia called coming it was literally called coming
how's it spelled man see you MMING it's for Scythe County it's one of the it was
the most I think it was yeah it was it well certainly but it was one of it was
one of the most conservative towns in all of America is where I grew up it's
it's changed a little bit at this point I'm not there anymore but it it shaped
the way that I viewed the world all of just all of that and it's just most of
us where we're born and the economic strata in which we're born it shapes us
a lot and the struggles that we go through for me it was all internal
because I was very privileged in in my position and the struggle was learning
that my worldview was not necessarily correct and the things that I'd based my
entire life on were not necessarily correct and you came to conspiracy theory
because you had been brainwashed potentially well I I think I yeah I knew
that there that had been pulled over my eyes and it wasn't necessarily my fault
it was other people trying to shape me because they believed a certain thing
right at least that's how I ended up getting there and I also spent a long
a long about five summers working at a private club in Atlanta where it was
the most wealthy people in all of Atlanta going to hang out and eat she
grabbed soup by the pool and I really didn't like what I felt there I bet you
heard some shit by the pool though did you not like come on you had to have
heard some it was mostly griping about Pinot Grigio but it was I mean really
influential cool people I'm sure but it was it shaped it also shaped my worldview
anyway I'm talking for too long it can conspiracy theories were this this
window that I could view the world through that felt like there might be
something there because I couldn't trust what I believed in for so long that I
should at least examine it but that's thing too like with a lot of the things
we look into it's like even as bonkers as they get there's usually a nugget of
truth like buried somewhere in there and that's the part that's fun about like I
consider it almost like a thought experiment what we do sometimes we talk
about this stuff as opposed to being like a true believer like a tinfoil hat
type it's more like this is interesting what do people think what does the
internet say what's the science how do we get through all that to something
that's real and I think that's what we attempt to do anyway and it's sort of a
false dichotomy to to say that something has to be absolutely true or absolutely
false right it's it's easy to say that it's comforting to say that but it's
usually not the case you know yeah I mean we look for we look for meaning in
chaos I can do the conspiracy theories are kind of there's a conspiracy theory
if you call it something different it's a religion as you you know God conspired
to you know this is unseen forces controlling the world like we fall
back on the positive version of a conspiracy theory when we lose a friend
and and we because the the alternative is to stand there throwing dirt on
somebody's box that should still be standing there and what else are you
gonna do is that the only reason why conspiracy theories get get get get
created is it is it is it just that like need for control I don't want to
discount the other reason which would be that they're true I don't I don't want
to but I mean like the ones that like kind of just blossom organically do
they do is that the have you guys noticed anything in your studies because
you've been doing this for over a decade right like do you have a kind of
unifying theory about how conspiracy theories get born that's so that's that's
a big one yeah so two things I really like they pointed out that sometimes
they're true right not often not near as often as the people calling coast to
coast may want to believe but we see we see two interesting things first some
conspiracy theory stuff is ultimately classification and categorization which
are things that our species is brilliant at you know we we are hardwired to
connect dots because back in the day that kept us alive right and nothing
really has changed with our neurochemistry but the the second thing
you know sometimes let's real quick short the reason we all know the term
conspiracy theory today is because the US government sent out a memo after the
assassination of Kennedy after the assassination of then-president Kennedy
and the memo sent to papers of note and to broadcast radio said the following
they said okay this is the official story this is what we figured out no we're
not we don't have any secret smoky back rooms Lyndon Johnson is just a dick he's
not some mastermind and if you hear anything else other than this official
narrative you are to call it a conspiracy theory it's a term of abuse from
the start like it's it's meant to discount everything that comes after you
know yeah that's that's the whole point we sometimes say on the show like this
isn't a conspiracy theory this is a fucking conspiracy yeah that one yeah
thing sometimes you have to throw up our hands and say well how that one's true
what did happen to JFK may as well while we're here yeah I listen to I was
doing can we can we do that can we throw out conspiracy I just did yeah yeah I'm
saying we should do that and then and then Brandon should do one and I can do
one oh yeah yeah I listen to I'm afraid none of you can do that because the Jews
won't let you all right so Dan you start it I listen to a podcast where a guy
said like his dad was involved in like the State Department and stuff and he
mentioned like like stuff happened to Kennedy and I was like I'm sure this is
a lie but it was just crazy and obviously there's tons and tons of
conspiracies theories are about but this was someone purporting that to that
their family member was like talking some shit about shit he did to JFK and
that's just crazy well there's a we can confirm he is dead he did get shot sure
that part I agree with that those are the facts those are yeah those are the
facts the facts are assassinations have happened yeah the fact is America has
ordered them yeah and the fact is there are there are factions in both the
private industry and in the criminal industry which is also private I guess
and in our own state supported at times criminal industry that very much wanted
that president out of the picture those things are true but you know one thing
you have to be careful about when we put all these puzzle pieces together is we
have to remember that in addition to being brilliant at creating pattern or
seeing some where none might actually exist our species really really shits
the bed when it comes to working together so the idea that there would be
there would be a nefarious shadowy empire that somehow even though they're
at loggerheads every other goddamn day of the week the fact that they would have
some sort of Avengers level team up is it asked for us to believe in a lot of
good things about humanity that are unfortunately that would be anomalous it
is especially funny now like I remember when I saw Oliver Stone's movie how
terrified I was and how anti-government the whole thing made me because I was
just like he it was it was Camelot back then when that movie was made and it was
talking about a time in which from the standpoint of that that movies production
it was like god damn can you imagine oh the people that did this they're they're
still watching there they've only gotten more powerful but it's funny now I'm
46 and I live in this world where I'm thinking about the the idea of JFK
getting assassinated and I I don't think this will offend anybody but I also don't
want people to take this the wrong way but it's almost like I'm unlike God how
great that would be if we're a war fishing government our government was
that powerful because what what have we learned in the last two three years it's
like we've we've been dissecting a pickled frog and we've been uncovering
these things that that we're like well that's impressive that's complicated but
we're certainly learning no one can start this thing's heart it's been soaked in
formaldehyde the fact that I'm looking inside of it is because this frog is
destroyed it cannot hop it cannot do anything that it we are we used to have
three branches of government and right now as of three years look like like we
now have like 12 to 25 just like Game of Thrones factions I'm I'm sure it's
temporary I hope it is I hope the Constitution holds up but it's just
amazing how how quickly you're reading headlines that say White House decision
to pull out of this flummoxes the Pentagon while the CIA accuses the FBI
whistleblower of co-operating with the Attorney General who was doing this all
for the Supreme Court I was like goddamn I used I used to panic that all these
dudes were out to get me yeah together I got out to give each other they're too
fucking busy I should knock over a bank we're missing them I think we're missing
the big question here I stopped using my tour browser oh shit I just want to know
I just want to know what Moby knows okay his got his finger on the pulse of all
this shit like there was a story that came out a year or so ago or Moby like
talked some shit about how he was friends with an SA guy and knew that the
Trump p-tape was real and knew all this stuff and then it just came out as like a
very buried lead in like a Rolling Stone article that in fact Moby is friends
with some deep level CIA types and he was telling the truth but it'll be funny
if the guy like tweeted those like friends we fucked yeah I wouldn't call
it friends yeah he gets reverse I wonder you know because that's that goes
that's excellent point goes back to you know the JFK question which the thing
that's so fascinating about it is every time they think ah this is crazy then a
little bit of something that actually happened turns out to be true right like
there's there are always these you know you can think of them as breadcrumbs but
I think that's why it remains one of the most popular right in any poll how come
he did not tell us what happened though Moby huh no what happened to Kennedy
yeah well do you guys have a kind of like a trick this is their trip you are
Harmontown bro you ain't gonna be able to fudge your way out well here's the
deal with a lot of the things that we end up researching like this what you
know you get to the here's where where it gets crazy part of our show and we
have to analyze 12 things that are the possibilities of the theories that have
been approached with something like JFK being shot and you kind of have to just
weigh what feels the most plausible what feels the most possible and that's
generally what we do we have a discussion about that but you guys are
myth busters there's not a point at the end of each episode where you go
Kennedy yeah who assassinated busted we also don't agree actually on this right
particular okay well now okay okay power round go down the line all right
tell us tell us tell us just cuz make you feel good yeah yeah all right well
I'll just okay yeah so what we're talking about overall is the compartmentalization
of intelligence agencies and you you never want the left hand to know what
the right hand is doing if you're gonna do something in secret and that is
that's something that people who have been creating intelligence agencies for
a long time have been doing since the the world wars that's just the way they
run and I believe that JFK was taken out for a lot of reasons and it I believe
personally this does not mean it's true that it that he was taken out by some
small group of people within I'm just gonna be as broad as I can within the
deep state that took him out for reasons that perhaps we don't even know I think
that makes other hundred percent sense but I also don't fucking know I think
it's really I think it's really really weird it beggars belief to say that Lee
Harvey Oswald given connections with Russia and given his international
passage back and forth could have been a lone person it's it's also like think
about think about first off the fact that his records show he was a piss-poor
shot like that is that is clear that's been confirmed by multiple sources he's
not some kind of you know born candidate who you know he are a
Manchurian candidate born identity Manchurian candidate thank you that's
the one yeah yeah you know I got the main words in there but yeah but the the
idea I am of the belief that as much as we want to believe in state actors
often what purports to be a state action is ultimately just like the state is the
finger on the hand of larger private industry and you know wars are about
resource extraction fuck idealism honestly and when it gets to the back
room when the rubber hits the road so I believe that there were heavy private
interests that were let's say if not directly if not directly like sending
some you know bank hit man or whatever to do some some shady stuff I believe
that there were private interests that were heavily involved and had the where
with all to at least produce an assassination really fast can we get
into your background a little bit then because this I think this is one of the
reasons why our show is so interesting because Ben Ben was studying to perhaps
you know do this kind to understand at least the way these things function and
you were you were gonna be an assassin yeah he's gonna be an assassin he's a
great shot to no just book depository management yeah yeah Ben you have a
working understanding of the way states function so when Ben is telling you
things like this a lot of times you know you may be a little skeptical listening
to the things and take them as fact but Ben knows what he's talking about is what
I'm trying to say throw me under the grass well I did I gotta say I was
listening to the Odessa episode just this morning and there was this like
weird thing dropped in there about like Ben how many times have you had to
escape a country and there was no laughter and you just went seven eight
that is that is primarily due to my my poor planning skills perhaps is the
best way to say it I was originally you know in some universe to the left of
ours I'm working for the State Department but in the course of pursuing
that as as a career or whatever I mean I I quickly became disillusioned because I
do not I believe there are many great people sounds great like we killed some
people I know it's a good job if you want it I think it's I mean podcasting
am I right right right that's where that's awesome shit that made you be
like this might not be the job for me yeah it's not I mean it's not can't even
talk about it right now okay it's just not it's I'm torn I'm torn Brandon
because I don't want to say I don't want to say that everyone who works in the
State Department or any of the alphabet soups of agencies here I don't want to
say that they're automatically villains I but I do want to say like when you have
a monolith it's a banality of evil when you have this monolithic entity with
such power and such influence and such reach then very quickly morality becomes
a matter of convenience and performance sure and I couldn't I can't hang with
that it's got to be a crazy weird dental floss mobius floss thing like this way
the idea that if you love America enough undoubtedly what you probably love is the
idea of the Democratic Republic the idea of the thing that you're protecting then
I could see like crossing that threshold of like I love that so much I'm gonna
separate myself from that in what I know and what I'm able to share and I'm in
even maybe some of what I do because hey that's how the sausage is made
internationally and all these things but then it's like I can only imagine like
where the dealbreakers are the greater good is the greater good is like jam
tomorrow it's always a moving goalpost you know and people like no one thinks
no one thinks yeah I'm the bad guy history is gonna fucking hate me man I'm
just gonna go all out everybody who not everybody but people who often do
terrible horrific atrocious things tend to think that they are doing it for a
greater good they feel like they're you know rust cold they're they're like the
bad man who keep the other bad men from the door and that's just not true
they're regular people doing bad things you know and and when you're just like
you said when you're does Trump have a time machine okay Trump's uncle still
leaving where's the booze is it yeah was it Trump's uncle like was was like
deciphering Tesla's like notes and stuff like that and and he found the secret
set hell yeah Steve Levy ladies and gentlemen time travel do you know
what okay okay okay okay okay buckle up all right so I actually do want to get
on into something that we've we've talked about before on the show and that
is the the concept of gaming out what could possibly happen using simulations
on a global scale of governments of populations and the way a certain what
X factor we're gonna hear about time machines no but this is what I'm telling
we're talking about time machines but this is the setup this is almost a time
machine where if imagine you had a simulator of the world in global
politics where you could done you could see what happens if you could run a
simulation if there's unrest in Nicaragua or something for some reason or if we
happen to invade Iran next week what would occur what what all the what would
the puzzle pieces look like from that point forward if you could do that
effectively enough and accurately enough you could essentially have a time
machine or at least a crystal ball yeah a version of it to where you could
decide precisely which actions you could take and then you know a through z
certainly even the public information that we have about Cambridge
Analytica like like that's only what we know that that AI is already getting to
that point to the extent that we are online to the extent that we behave in
swarms the extent that you're right man it's kind of a time machine so are you
talking about basically you know what I'm talking about are you talking about
physically transporting someone but there's if that thing exists there's
no fucking way that guy could figure out how to operate but the theory is the
reason his brain is melting is because time travel is cancerous I mean he's
losing his fucking mind well okay so first off I would watch that fringe
episode but so what in like how is this like helping him out like how is this
time he does look like Biff from back to the future too I mean he would be upon
that's the scary thing about this morning's headline where he I don't
even fucking understand enough about the reason to know that he that he pulled
troops out of this and the some people are going why'd you do that I'm also and
it's just like flash of those time travel theory where it's like this guy's
just some Biff Tannen that's been like fucking thrust into the gear works by
it's like it's not by his design yeah if he had a time machine he would have
just invented cocaine yeah like he would just be hanging out he'd be a he'd
have a successful hot tub company and he'd be like blowing David Hasselhoff
he'd be fine and he'd have the dog track numbers or something yeah he'd be like
part of the island yeah but but but he's not it's like he's he's like he like it is easy to believe in him as like a fucking crazy like monkey wrench that an
alien or a time traveler would just casually knock in not not throughout just
random like rhinestone cowboy like the next guy that walks on the door and like
I've got a bet like but by virtue of his sheer proximity as Spencer's pointed
out many times Donald Trump and running for president for 25 years there's no
like we he constantly was running for president he and then finally like these
like he did it's like if you look at the swarming behaviors and things like but
him winning and the way he won and things and then and now the things he's
doing it's just like it does lend itself to a crazy cosmic theory like you can't
imagine anyone but a fallen angel or a robot profiting like evil Promethean
figure bringing and the way that we're all kind of going like like we can
remember Minority Report when she's like walking Tom Cruise through the mall and
she's like duck now get an ice cream now all these things because she can see a
little bit into the future and when you so what if you look at Tom Cruise's
behavior as he's being serenade by this precog his behavior per our
observation is crazy right because it's like now browse this magazine now do
this now be random put on this hat duck buy a balloon held this pause three
seconds now move forward that's Donald Trump like like and it's also our
reaction like like what we the way that we're reacting to him being president
reminds me of all of the people in the mall and Minority Report like we're
we're always just just shy of going like wait a minute what the fuck you can't
spell every time we're always just like like like well he can't he could never
spell I don't I've got to get a great card it's always been true there's never
the swarm never works and it's almost like there's been this tipping point now
which scares me more that's like we're seeing this shift it feels like times up
like like I think the bomb is armed so the Russians have a time machine right
that they used to influence the election Baron Trump yeah and Nikola Tesla
somehow was involved and the tweets are you know what I'm talking about I know
who this book from the 1900s early 1900s that talks about this character who's a
Trump and he meets a grandmaster who calls himself the Don and he takes him
through time and he has a son no it was Baron Trump and Trump right and there's
just these similarities in the book and then it's in a YouTube video but the
YouTube video is kind of the thing where they kind of put their finger on the
scale where they make it feel a bit closer and then they use them things that
aren't true to kind of connect the dots a little harder than they're connecting
but the end result is there's this book in the 1900s that's like there's this
Trump guy and he becomes the president of the world and it's in this place it's
like he has a mansion on on whatever the place the actual Trump tower is and so
there's these weird connections right so we're talking about yeah yeah yeah that
book real I mean the books real is a book a book is called the last president
wow well you guys remember when the last president like all of the all of the
rumors and things that were going on where people were like oh that guy's
definitely the anti-Christ oh that guy's definitely these it's so much more
about Clinton and Obama than they should about the guy yeah I read
revelations Trump has a wound on his head that he survived scalp surgery
anyways I remember yeah I guess what I'm trying to get at is anytime there's
somebody in power we we tend to distrust enough it's just how we view
authority a lot of times and I'm not speaking for everyone of course but a
lot of us just have that in us where we don't want to necessarily agree with
everything the person who's telling us what to do says this guy just lays it
all out man in such a brazen way it's and I'm not excusing his insanity like in
what we're going through right now my wife and I have a running joke that we
feel like we did jump timelines around to 2016 because something feels off
something feels time travel time travel machine I mean steam baron stain
Mandela effect right yeah baron trump I mean and that's just a baron steam
trump shit I don't know I'm glad that you still feel it's like a joke though you
know that's got to be comfortable no it's not a joke the whole situation did
you just yes no no no really no I'm continually Matt's very bothered by
this and I am I'm bothered as well like I I'm to the point where someone makes a
Trump joke and I think yeah but he's still fucking somehow up there you know
what I mean and then it also as a cheapskate it bothers the shit out of me
that every time I get a check from somewhere that guy's getting some of the
money I don't know what he's gonna do with it he's an unhinged lunatic and and
like it's not funny to me anymore we are in the wrong timeline I feel like I
I'm so confused I go up and down I go to his sheer panic because I feel like I'm
always in a good mood when he's in a bad mood and then I'm like why is what is
that I didn't have that relationship with Obama like I don't why am I why do I
care that like I'm so happy that the president's upset is he not in a bad
well he's he's not a jolly guy but I like I like watching him I like I like
waking up in the morning to a bunch of things even the fucking cynics and the
what do you what do you call him kind of contrarians like they can't even
muster the point of view that you're underestimating him again he's he's
trolling you like I like those weeks where it's just like damn this dude
fucking up like and then he's not taking it well and then like his tweets are
like wins an egg not an egg I got a horseshoe and everyone's like what the
fuck he spelled horseshoe wrong and I like those moments because it feels like
a resolution as a writer I feel like the Mad King is like on the pyre and like
dousing himself but I should know by now that that doesn't happen you know it's
up like like like like but so then I and then I go into this panic where I'm
like this whole thing is like beyond my control that's the reason why it's bad
in the first place so in these moments when he's sweating and the CIA is yelling
at the FBI and the FBI is yelling to the Supreme Court I was like I should be in a
higher state of panic than when everything is running smoothly but we're
just torturing children at the border yeah that's the thing that sadly has
occurred to us I remember a while back Matt you and Noel and I were hanging
out and we were we were talking about something we had lost some of the VIM and
vigor about this fucking guy which is how we were phrased them and then and then
we said like we had this moment where we we went back at an arms remove and
thought about what future historians would think and then it hit us you know
just how going back to your frog example like there's that old cliche about
slowly boiling I know I know it's lazy writing but it's real and we also had
this we had this moment where we're like it is stunning and astonishing and
terrifying how quickly things become normal we're watching this guy publicly
and hilariously fall down a set of stairs and everybody's like oh that's
the bottom stair yeah right that's the last I'm just really pumped for the
biopic when Gary Busey plays him I think that's gonna be a lot of fun I want to
talk about something really uncomfortable that you're hitting on
something that really resonates with me Dan like that the reveling in somebody
else's misery because you dislike them speaking of but but isn't it
uncomfortable to think that this man leads our country and we're happy that
the leader of our country is doing the is is well if I was wrong thing what's
the alternative if I was gonna counter that what I would say is I the part of
what upsets me about the guy that makes me afraid of him when I'm in serious mode
is that he represents this everything that he says oh he's joking about it
he's oh or he's got the heart of America in his hand whatever but everything
that comes out of his mouth is about an end of free press is about is it is
about I I am the only kind of patriot I could ever possibly be is the kind of
patriot that says I have a right to hate America etc that whole flim flam like
like this idea that the reason this country is great is because you don't
have to love it for God's fucking sake what kind of co-dependent relationship
is that and everything out of his big blithery fucking syphilitic mouth is
about how if I had it my I wish it was like Korea I just go back from Korea
it's great over there you can they can turn you into soup if you don't like
things and I'm just like I don't care that you're joking or that you're
stupid that's fucking dangerous because it doesn't take intelligence to
overthrow what we have which is Jesus Christ it's a fucking luxury that we
like a whole engine is driven by a patriotic derision a cynicism like we
constantly going I don't like the way this country is being run right now so
I on one hand I know what you're saying is shouldn't it shouldn't it shouldn't
drive us all into the streets in our underwear that we we can derive pleasure
from the president's misery for me in those moments I think because I'm so
deprived of them in an extreme way in in all of his other days to me I'm just
like it feels like a brief suspension of a migraine and that registers as
pleasure if you suffer from chronic migraines it's like oh there's not a
nail being driven into my temple right now Trump like any fucking person who
occupies that office is sweating bullets that's what you should be doing
because part of your job is you're allowed to invade countries at your whim
you're allowed to like launch missiles you're allowed to do whatever the fuck
you want but I mean like if it doesn't just devolve in the total like totalitarianism
Mad Max kind of situation at least it showed us the holes in this system in
a way we haven't quite seen in this has been refreshing but I do also worry
about it because it's like what we've been silver lining we've been seeing in
this cow's stomach window for those who have state fairs and they're from their
hometowns the 4h fans what we've been what we've been gazing into is there's
this constant fear of like god damn it this guy was six IQ points from
successfully being Hitler like like he was oh it's every time he fucks up
every time he gets on a phone call it's being recorded or transcribed every time
he every time he decides that I mean what if the the next guy it doesn't
matter what his political leanings are our definition of insanity has been
forever changed and the envelope is too loose now there are the checks and
balances have been eroded if a gig becomes president and wears a burgundy
jumper that with a logo on it that is the earth with a with a heart above it
that represents like no more fucking bullshit no more hatred and we're like
yay and then he tweets every once in a while hey Betty Cracker got her spoon in
my ass and he misspells ass we're gonna be like well Trump misspelled his own
name well that's Pete yeah that's how it's like we're gonna we're it's like
we shouldn't we shouldn't tolerate that much insanity it scares me that forever
now the office of the president is just like it used to be steeped in starch that
like I think kept me safe but is there a course correction well that's I don't
think so that's the thing that I love that you said forever that's a that's a
fascinating word in this conversation because what we keep forgetting I think
in national discourse in any conversation about this is that this is you
know you'll see that shit around July 4th when people are like what a bold
experiment but the American experiment it's great but it's true 200 years is
not a long time at all really right now if this if this shit collapses right and
we're all just running around having that conversation about when we have to
eat a dead body then what what's gonna happen is that in the future people will
say a bunch of folks got together in this one part of the world and for a little
like for around 200 years worked okay yeah but everybody saw the signs right
and so but the unspoken part of that is that well and the people before them
had they had it right because that lasted 1500 years where whoever was the son of
whoever was had the crown on last it's like time moves more slowly underneath
those crowns because those people were even dumber and and we sped up time
because we fucking rule and we we we we took capitalism and democracy to an
extreme we did the most bad and we're on the most on record and we opened our
books and we add fucking things to the Constitution it's like it's our we're
the best of a bad lot as one of our guess what said I would disagree on two
points first off I would disagree on two points and the first point is that
while this purports to be a meritocracy anyone here would have a very
difficult time explaining to someone from another place like yeah we elect
people because they're the best they just happen to be fucking related to each
other what a coincidence right that's like winning the lottery 12 times that
that that kind of hierarchy that kind of a risk aristocratic approach to things
happens and you know like like okay if the president is the the best compromise
right the way the system was designed then why are so many related I always
hated that and that's the thing that's like fucking just winded me is that I
everything that got this guy elected or things that I felt like like in an
objective sense in terms of a view of the bipartisan system I was like people
would say I'm afraid Trump's gonna win and I would say Trump's not going to win
because there's no difference between Democrats and Republicans and the whole
systems rigged in there it doesn't even matter if you vote and everything that I
said when I went into that Glockenspiel routine is that's how and why he got
elected and it's also like he could be standing here and he'd be like doing the
same thing and saying the same thing that I was saying and it like it is a
bummer because I was like why so many Clintons why so many Bushes what why do
we have dynasties if this if this job has anything to do with anything and now
here here he is the first guy to break a streak and well not the first guy there
was just why people like him so much because it wasn't broken a streak because
it's Harvard it's it's that yeah it's basically that these clans set up a
hierarchy and then they dominate for for more than 200 years true I'm getting
another year that's a good point the other issue is that this is the conspiracy is
that the presidency is what's causing this it's not one individual or one one
government or branch of government it's a group of individuals that are half
elected half not elected you know we are where we are because we allowed some
of our power to be given up into politics instead of just basic daily
maintenance so there's the the larger lie is that it's Trump because the truth
of the matter is it's us we saw it we were told it was coming and we did not
believe it well said this is Harmontown you guys this is like I love this all
right moving on to our next segment halloween
yeah yeah I don't want to get bought down to this guy but I think it's so
amazing that they part of his culture is literally is all the conspiracy stuff
and it's so funny that he's taken all the joy out of it too yeah yeah I like
sucked all the meaning out of just like words you know I remember I was into
Alex Jones like I didn't know Alex Jones for his he was really fun when he was
on table Jones was the guy who thought everyone was a lizard I thought he was
the guy in waking life and then I was that guy has a show and he was the guy
that broke into the Bohemian Grove yeah they do that yeah that's creepy they do
do that have you ever been there Dan will say what have you ever been to the
be me I don't think I'm I may be a one percenter but I think part what one of
the greatest tricks the one percent plays on you guys is it's like stock
the one percent is there's a hundred percent of a one the one percent and
there's a one percent of them okay I'm I just have a pool oh yeah yeah yeah but
it's a nice pool yeah it's amazing to me when I look on Google I go like wait
where what is the one percent all this stuff but I look depending on how you
define it it's kind of like trying to define generation acts and generation
they're millennial or whatever but I unless my unless I'm googling wrong or
something I'm like what I'm a one percenter but then I'm like oh yeah I get
well yeah who the fuck else like lives like this okay what really one percent
they I think maybe I'm like what and then I go yeah I think I'm one percenter
that's how fucked up it is out there that that there's like that me 21
percenters but the rest the other 200 million of us are nine I hate to be
really polyanna but I truly believe that my life is not that like like I feel
like everyone should live like I live no that sounds so fucking even sad and I
also do feel this is I guess why I you know I tend to I lean in the you know
the more liberal direction is because they do I do feel like I'm like yeah I'm
I'm clearly not holding like I like I got a lot of luck going on here and I'm
only falling back on the fact that I'm not forced to share but like I do feel
like like I look at my house and I go if I had to give up like 12 square feet you
know that in a like I look at it like a video game I go like I'm pretty sure
everyone could have a modest hacienda a modest hacienda with a pool Dan Harmon
I really do feel I mean I don't like like we have these giant urban centers
that are like we stack people up in these tenements but are we like those as we
know they can have neighbors who are living very comfortably so we know that
there's nothing necessarily about stacking people up in a giant urban
center that necessarily means you have to live in squalor we just use that as an
excuse and then like I just feel like people could live everyone could live
pretty comfortably I mean the math is there that is correct logistically if
you look at it logistically everybody all the billions could have something
like an an equitable I don't want to say worry-free because there's no worry-free
life but could have some kind of situation where we are not I want to be
careful but we're not we're not having people who are starving we're not
having people who are dying of preventable disease well there's a
conspiracy theory that I'm sure you guys have explored in various parts of
in various episodes there that's a classic conspiracy theory that is
absolutely true which is that the the the more rich people you get getting
like access to technology and and and free time and a larger view of things
the more they are going to tend to use their power influence and wealth to
create a situation where they're not going to do what you do with weed
they're not gonna go holy shit I'm really high how can I get more of this and
share it with more people they're gonna do what you do with cocaine which is
like holy shit this is really good who saw me go in the bathroom they're there
you're you're going to be like I gotta get this shit on lockdown or it like like
there's just an instinct about it and it's all like you don't even need guys
in a cigar smoke room it's money itself will create a system it will if you
don't and here's where I say dirty words that I don't want to be associated
with if you don't regulate it unmitigated unregulated rampant fucking
high noon capitalism it is going to go and tear the middle class in half and
not not in half it's gonna tear the top 1% of the middle class and shove it up
and it's gonna tear the bottom 99% of the middle class and shove it down it's
going to capitalism unregulated doesn't become this perfect pyramid of money it
becomes it well it becomes feudal it becomes it becomes monarchs overseeing
potato people like the coke industry is actively working toward what I would
argue is neo feudalism also you know I find it very optimistic that we're
speaking in the conditional at this point like this this idea it's what an
adu is yes an adu is you can build a poor person's shack on your huge fucking
piece of land and charge them for it just like we did during the feudal shit
where you might have two three people who are paying you rent to live on your
manner so you don't have to sell your manner it is it isn't conditional it's
where we are and and should they not be able to afford that rent maybe there's
things they could do to keep the land
maybe there's a direct deposit for their paycheck like hey thank you you trimmed
a bush now you can live here for another month if there were a specific form of
currency that only applied right to that manner right to that land and this this
is something that we're right with your face on it so this is something though
we talked about that we had a difficult time cracking the three of us Matt
Nolan and I were thinking we we posed this question we're we're kind of we're
kind of shitting each other in conversation I don't know if you picked
that up because because we're like we pose questions that we don't have answers
to right and one of the questions that do with us that's just the nature of this
kind of discourse that is shitty though well you're right do you mean on this
show or on your podcast or what do you what do you say more in our personal
yeah like we're at Dave and Buster's or something I think it's inspiring how
kind you guys are to each other on the podcast like like I don't know how much
you edit if like you guys are dicks to each other then you edit out yeah but I
think it's right you guys take great pains or maybe you don't take great pains
maybe that's me projecting I must hurt to be nice but you guys like like one of
you will say something and then like like you guys have a like an almost tick of
going like even if it's absolutely not what you were talking about you'll you'll
you'll go like that you know what that's a good way of putting it and then you'll
continue we mean it at least oh shit am I the only one who means it no we all
mean it's all good no you guys are really nice to each other what a what a
really cool thing to do
whoa it sounds like whoa shots fucking fire boy you enjoy that behavior and you
understand that it's good and right to do to people that you work with or been
friends with since you were 19 you know like it it seems I think that's a that's
really cool too well it took us a while to get there yeah you guys have known
each other for how long weeks yeah couple weeks yeah it's gonna it takes a
while yeah it takes a while it takes a while you did a good job on the draft it
was a good thing you did hey congrats on the show by the way yeah thank you good
job on your creep show god damn deal deal for me yeah and rob and rob's the
only person on this stage who has a premiering show it's gonna say congrats
on the trailer to oh yeah what are we congratulating each other yeah congrats
on the Rick and Morty season for trailer yeah oh yes oh yeah I did that and
Harmon quest is coming in yeah Harmon quest yeah oh yeah it's great yeah watch
Harmon quest only on verb what is that an app is that an app you did an app how
do you spell it that's nice that's nice hey hey you guys seriously do you think
there's anything too magic I don't I don't mean illusions I fucking you mean
gathering or do no no I mean I mean like spell casting from the Dark Ages like
that's kind of made its way all the way to 2019 do you think there's anything to
any of like ritual ritualized versions of that literally anything to yeah yes
because I'm whether or even if it's just the intention of wanting something so
badly and then ritualizing the the act of saying that this is what I want like
prayer even if it's silly okay well I mean no yeah I believe in a subjective
level like I think that there's there's almost no limit on what you can
accomplish ritualistically with yourself like like it's you know that's the
boring answer it's like the miracle in 24th Street well he thinks he's Santa but
I think you could I think you can't you can convince yourself anyone that's in
the room with you when you cast a spell I I don't think there's any limit on what
you can like make those people do so you're talking in terms of practical
effect right yeah I'm saying like like the human capacity to believe in well I
would use the word bullshit but like that makes that's pejorative but like like
phenomena to believe in shit that has no corporeal like like like cause-effect
relationship like you you could draw a circle of chalk on the ground and say
the reason I'm drawing the circle of chalk on the ground is because you're a
winner and you're a loser and I'm gonna flip that right now by saying chaka chaka
mooka mooka oh no I said it backwards oh no freaky Friday like like I mean
though I believe that we've seen we see all the time like people will drop down
on the floor speaking tongues though people regress in their hypnotic
sessions it really does it's almost a moot point whether or not it's real or
not really a Hulk exist could could a Hulk exist yeah yeah like an incredible
whole totally maybe not like a fair to mid-late yeah yeah yeah just a story you
know I'm glad you say that because I I think you know I was again I best
definition I heard of magic by the way Matt I think we talked about this
weaponized psychology which I think is in line right you are saying um Hulk back
to back thank you yeah yeah yeah of course um thank you for considering me
you picked up on how interrupted I was and okay yeah I want you to see
grease grease that wheel I'm just gonna sit here yeah no you'll be rewarded
grease him grease him up so so you're gonna fly through the grocery store it
goes pay attention to him see at the finish line well this is something I
want everybody's opinion on because like so so there's this there's this thing
with with the Olympics right the Olympics are always like eye is the
peak of human ability right and drugs every one's on drugs though every one
well they're on like a lot of green people it's so loop holy okay so you're
married to the color idea of it wouldn't be thank you and read for a time oh
what yeah are you sure yeah and then also Thunderbolt whatever there's
different we could go on but but the idea is like why so baseball when
baseball first started it was considered cheating to use a black people to catch
the ball I mean I thought we were just a couple more episodes left I think the
idea of like it being like an unfair advantage or like corking your bat or
something like that or like greasing you know like spitting on the ball or
whatever that was a thing and now it's like you know without the racism which
was fucking terrible and huge there there's still this idea that like Lance
Armstrong an amazing cyclist got in trouble right a boo who he used drugs
he only had one not so he got a pass yeah and so so I want to see I think our
best chance to see a fair to middling Hulk as you describe it is to have an
Olympic event of some sort people sign a release like yeah I might die whatever
and they can do what whatever the fuck they want you know what I mean oh yeah
what kind of engineer Olympics holy shit yeah you should have a separate fucking
holy shit I'm thinking like the idea like the idea of people doping it's a
lost battle it's going to happen the the lid of Pandora's jar is unscrewed and
everybody's lying to themselves yeah if they think they can screw it back the
reporters covering how many cups of coffee it was a jar it was a jar it was a
jar it sounds dumb just sounds dumb it sounds dumb but it was a jar what
caliber of Hulk was was Hogan was he a middling Hulk or was he did you guys see
the video by any chance of the I think quadriplegic is the word you if the
quiet that he's paralyzed from below his neck and he's operating a full body
the exoskeleton yeah yeah yeah yeah that's cool that's awesome I tell that guy
that the Olympics should eliminate drugs well that you know what I mean that's
that's a good point and he's like oh yeah cuz like well you to eliminate drugs
we gotta eliminate what you're born there should be mechs in the genetic
engineered Olympics that sounds great yeah there should there should be one
category that I think would quickly lose its luster if it because it was
Evelyn no I'm saying the league I'm saying like everyone could have their
purest Olympics and and there wouldn't even it would the problem would solve
itself people wouldn't be incentivized to cheat in those they wouldn't like go
into the purest Olympics and like sneak steroids they'd be like I want to go
into the steroids Olympics and and then just have this like crazy fucking like
weird like dark future thing where it's like and coming to the corner using the
latest in cybernetic augmentation Andre on drop off the blood dope robot from
Mars 30% humans according to some experts he is mostly pickup truck but
oh Russian I just have a race around a circle everyone's gonna watch that you
would want I'd watch it yeah like I'm not gonna watch it people in Vegas would
go crazy no I'm gonna watch the swimming competition that were the guy that was
born with long feet wins the organic Olympics really oh felpy you did it
again with your weird long feet it's all about the human interest story there
it's true so this is a perfect transition to like Boston Dynamics and DARPA and
some of the robots and androids that are being created some of them are very
humanoid like what do you guys think about all of that stuff oh that's real
yeah yeah it's completely real but what do you where do you think we're headed
with all of that is it we're headed toward yikes shit we're all definitely the
question is in our lifetime you guys look younger than me if most of your hair
I am I gonna see like an actual like fucking like just like wake up one
morning and it's like bleh everything's just like just converted to AI algorithm
thing or will I just be like a 70-year-old guy going like I don't like
these new fangled USB ports on your forehead I need that like a hole in my
head write that down Cody and Cody will be like I'm 40 yeah I don't you know it's
it's it's more and more I went back and I rewatched the Terminator franchise
with parts of it and I was like yeah the the robots when they started out people
would talk about it in hindsight and they only like we could tell the
difference between those right and it's a fit it's a story about a physical
analog but now we're at the point where in terms of software in terms of like
online non-corporeal conversation it can be difficult to tell to discern the
difference when it's also becoming increasingly apparent that our biggest
sins are original ones like we we have rounded a corner our friend Asperger
detective that's our horrible word for him his name is Ryan Krause the host of
cold case murder mystery files he he constantly he's talking about just like
look talk about the shit all you want we're all gonna become AI and then our
problems are gonna be solved and all and he talks about the Terminator
franchise and our relationship with it as sort of measuring that that the you've
got your 1981-83 movie where the you know the robot is unquestionably the bad
guy the whole premise is set up it's based on our fetishization of fearing
technology it's classic beautiful wonderful modern myth that's just like
that before the words algorithm and AI where household words it was just sort
of like they put they put this thing in charge of defending the country and then
this thing decided that the best way to defend it was to get rid of all the
people beautiful perfect it set this thing back in time if you blow its fake
skin off what's underneath death but chrome it comes for you the sequel comes
years later and immediately what are we doing and why did we love that movie our
our love affair with our villains we love our Jason Voorhees our Freddy
Krueger like we don't love the screen Queens that run from them we love this
metal robot and then he's the good guy in the next movie we love the guy that
said I'll be back we love the guy that is the robot the robot in that movie that
people a lot of people say that movie is why I know about the first movie I
fucking love that New Testament where now the robots the good guy the as that
franchise continues and as our sci-fi kind of relationship continues like we're
we're getting increasingly more like we're doing a mating dance with
technology we are we we used to simply Rod Serling would simply come out and
basically say imagine a world where we get so automated we basically become
Russian a garage door that opens when your car pulls up but where are the
limits and if that garage door knew you murdered someone who should it and it was
like technology is like like like what where will it end and you proceed
forward along those lines we're like cautious we're cautious we're cautious
but that's how a tango begins that's how a mating dance about a mating dance he
got movies like her like ex machina literally about like a relationship with
an AI that's better than a relationship with someone that you know you know he
has to he has to accept that because yeah I mean exactly that's why that we're
getting increasingly comfortable with those stories we're we're we're becoming
aware that not that we're shaking are it's ironic because we're shaking our
xenophobia when it comes to the difference between human and non-human
we're getting increasingly racist we're getting increasingly like heightened
about like your cheekbones are different what's with your identity politics and
just because a woman did this doesn't mean like it's like we're regressing
we're going but we're worshiping the idea of we got it and it's almost like you
wonder what a crayfish or a dragonfly or anything it sheds its skin feels about
itself as it starts to evolve does it start to just pick in itself is it's
like oh well it does that is that a metaphor for like what we're doing was
like this war between the genders and the races and the cultures and the classes
and we're just like shredding ourselves is it because what's underneath is we
gotta like we got to just become an algorithm or we're gonna die where we
it's like we're it's not gonna work this this plan where there's just like an
eight billion barrel of monkeys like sitting on top of a planet that needs to
give up its oil or fucking die well I think where we we we have messed up
often is this assumption that what's going on now is the end point you know
what I mean like some species of life sort of exist in this in this state
where they have you know they have like the origin point right and then they
create the other the other animal that is or life form this midway point and the
thing at the end just to your your idea about shedding skin or I would say
entering a chrysalis as well it is something different fundamentally alien
unrecognizable it's it's preposterously self-centered for us here now to assume
that in a thousand or maybe even six hundred years the the people that call
themselves people are also going to refer to us as people yeah it's pretty
ridiculous I I feel like it's optimistic they're gonna we're going to be
narcissistic not their species that is like a fundamental like like cup of
coffee like like you're thinking about it like there is absolute it should we
survive six hundred years from now there's absolutely no way that what we
are six hundred years from now is going to refer to us as the same species that
that is well there's one one scenario in which they will it's the kormic
McCarthy the road yeah oh yeah they'll they'll they'll go like oh the
progenitors the people that had computers all out shit you know they'll be in
like bunkers they won't go outside we don't care about their opinion yeah
assuming we continue to evolve we along even the slowest lines six hundred
years which anthropologically is it is nothing we are we are at the point where
we are either going to change so much that what we are now it will be forgotten
historical neanderthalic like we will we will simply there will be people that
will study how we thought there will be people who will I hope they'll listen
to this podcast and they'll go what weren't they cute there's skulls were
separated and they just kept blithering and blabbering and like they
self-medicated and they coped with all this shit they had a whole internet and
they just used it to be racist they had these things called hands they had to
use everything was fingers and typing and they're just like they they kept
talking about holograms like that was the future they didn't understand that
like intelligence was a field and that they were a proxy and that what we
became was it or I or they or them and yeah we will yeah that's for sure that
kind of takes the pressure off doesn't it totally like who cares nukes like
fucking Bay of Pigs who cares how we go out is there a is there a way to spot a
conspiracy that has legs versus a way that like classic line conspiracies
follow this pattern absolutely yeah yeah you can you can just see it like
there's a trick to see it like do you check for like three or four things where
you're like all right that's yeah like that's worth researching like a towel
well I would just say generally just and sorry Ben to step on you here if we can
go back and say historically there are there's more than one version of this
kind of conspiracy that has occurred that's generally the first step to going
okay well there's at least a precedent to something like this happening which
means it's not completely implausible and generally that's if less sure like
just like that but like syphilis testing has happened human human testing that's
not a theory that should happens a lot and over the years it has and it's
really hard to even detect oh god I'll go down a rabbit hole let's not do that
okay you got it experimenting with humans I mean some of the most brilliant
people on this planet have been really fucked up and wanted to see what things
happen like if you think about anatomy and Franklin had a tool shed oh no so
you pointed out I was good I was making a joke
he dissected corpses or something right no they found with somebody for search
where they found a bunch of bodies yeah yeah yeah yeah Ben Franklin damn
he had a tool shed it was a what they call a resurrection man right yeah well
he was resurrection adjacent reaction manager he his landlords is one of his
landlords children was a resurrection man the house he was living in at the time
was like the next place over was where they publicly hanged people so they
would hang someone and then the long story short he may not have been
dissecting people but he fucking knew the smell think about the smell he knew
there was no way to take Ben Franklin lived next door to a place where they
hang people and he liked it and he was like like hauling people into his tool
shed what's the resurrection man it's like when you dig up bodies and use it
to for experiment science because think about it you had to we didn't know much
about what was inside of these things that we walk around in and the only way
to figure it out was to cut them open after they were dead and just pull all
the bits out and CEO women had fewer teeth yeah yeah which is weird cuz he
was around so many mouths he could have just looked and you think it wasn't a
life expectancy 17 back then you could just like same number of teeth but I
don't think you just didn't want to talk to I guess he was born to the theory
side of it I don't know right and he probably died at 19 like he just right
yeah one of these days I should count women's teeth I'll get to it I'll get
to it in the meantime give me a lever and a place to stand and I'll move the
world that's our committees that's our committees but he was probably always in
a sorry I derailed you please I'm not going anywhere
human experimentation resurrection resurrection there was a loophole in
European law at the time which said that it was okay to dissect dead bodies
human bodies cadavers but it was there was no legal way to procure them it was
like a grizzly version of how marijuana has worked in some parts of this
country like you can own it but if we catch you buying it if it gets you
digging it up yeah if we catch you digging it up and then that goes back I
think what you're building toward is this idea of human experimentation yeah
okay this is this is the point I want to make talking about this and it's it's
only tangential but we've had a couple of thought experiments on our show
before when you think about World War two and unit 731 in Japan and what the
Nazis were doing in several places they were experimenting on humans and they
were taking humans to to to see the limits of what a person can withstand
right and they wrote all of this shit down after they tortured people this
way and they took a ton of data and we've had a discussions about well what
do you do at the end of that conflict where you stop those evil people from
doing terrible things to other humans but they've got all of these pieces of
paper written down filing cabinets full of with data data that could possibly be
useful for for us to know about what humanity can withstand just ergonomic
desk chair industry stuff like wow I didn't know you could make someone's
slouch for 90 hours well Herman Miller was really into all this because you
can't repeat the experiments yes you should do you talk to the data well
and that's what we've been doing it's the the palimpsest thing that been you're
really great about talking about with history we've been doing that to each
other that kind of thing where we're we do terrible things to each other but we
figure out something and then we know for the future that that is something we
can or cannot do there's always someone saying I'm not the bad guy it's the
greater good serious yeah well I think about the origins of gynecology which
are barbaric the vagina just so I mean yes definitely your that origin you're
in the ballpark yeah it was the doctor who performed on slaves yeah exactly
recently ripped his statue down in New York thank God finally man thank you I
honestly don't know where we were going with this whole thing but we were
talking about conspiracies and the reason is how to recognize one is one
of legs trying to figure out if there's yeah if there's a if there's like oh we
have four things we're definitely on the right path or if you're like you know
it's missing these four things it's probably just the ones with the ones
with ghosts are usually bullshit I'll put that one out there it's like a
guarantee well there's ghost conspiracies oh yeah times mainly by
ghosts for you two episodes a week dude we got a we got a dig yeah I mean I was
just talking to Kate the star of that shuttered show that Rob does you know
she's a producer and stuff and she said that two different psychics told her
she had an Italian speaking evil spirit and then she also had in the same spot
she was diagnosed a spirit she had an aura photographer take a photo of her
aura and had a spot right in that same spot but that's crazy not like a holy
shit she didn't have a proper or I understand she just had this you know
spirit spot above her head I'm also like I'm being a cynic but like I'm not
saying that spiritual stuff and ghosts aren't real but it's that I tend to
gravitate more towards the provable kind of government that's proof there's a
photo you know seriously what happens when we die guys are we get can we come
to a consensus right here on the stage right now what exactly not what I'm
saying is there they're we we don't know really I want spirits exist in demons
and shit I haven't seen anything but man that would be so cool would be
live enough I know I just around people keep sending me links to this Navy UFO
thing yeah yeah yeah it might people might yell at me for having you guys on
the stage and not bringing that up right okay because I live in gravel like I'm
separated from the earth and I've gotten from more than one person like have you
seen this so that means everyone's talking about a little flippy crafts where
they're talking about a long time to me it just reminds me of the 70s it's like
it's like the same old shit it's like but it's it's funny to watch like a new
generation saying the exact same things about the exact same amount of obfuscation
and like it's just sort of like they like there's articles about people going
like yeah there's three categories of these things there's the diamond-shaped
ones I'm like yeah this is all the same stuff from the 70s have you guys been
following this like maybe footage yeah so this this ties into the way to the way
to identify something that might have some sand to it versus something that's
sort of you know a creepypasta because we're also like conspiracy theory itself
is a genre of folklore that is like that is an accurate question was asking
which maybe we don't have an answer to is can you tell one that has like a
political weaponized stinger on it yeah like oh Jenny McCarthy wants you to not
vaccinate your children so she reverse engineered a story about Ben Franklin
vaccinating his kid with yeah yes the that's exactly it so quick way to
identify something that might have some sand with it is usually it's people who
have some sort of power whether financial right or socio-political who want
more of it and have figured out want to lose what they have or don't want to lose
what they have to that that conversation the the thing that's
interesting about UFO calm common ideas is that we conflate the idea that
there's something in the sky which most people don't understand we conflate
that with the idea that extraterrestrials a give a shit enough about
this planet that they would they would span the vast chasms of time and space
to show up and like stick things up people's butts it's they that's a weird
that's you know what I say you're being reductive there I am being I am
reductive I am being reductive because we don't know what they do when they get
here we might perceive it as they stuck something up my butt because of our
tendency to like that's that's our takeaway we're very butt-centric we're
like then they put something in my butt and the aliens are like watching the
news and going like what we did more than that yeah like we taught them
technically the way it's like if our dogs described like those taking them
for a walk or like they fucking choked me and he's gonna I was like well come
on you were wagging your tail that's a that's a really good point and the the
thing is so like we're also I would I would further add to that point that we
are we are operating from our understanding of physics right we're
operating from our understanding is reality in the world as we perceive it
which is at best kind of a shitty flashlight in a very big very dark room
but we what we know and what we can prove we know and what we can all agree on
is that yeah we see shit in the sky we don't know what it is it is literally an
unidentified flying object yeah and that doesn't that doesn't mean that's
anything other also we have a government that spends billions and
billions and billions of undocumented money making shit that is now real this
is true that we're not gonna see 10 15 there is an area 51 yeah that's just a
thing yes like no it's it's not good for a first world empire that's in charge
of everything and has unlimited spending to have a place where cameras can watch
them do the equivalent of all the black and white footage of the guys trying to
invent the helicopter it's just like that it's the area 51 is just a place
where the Air Force is constantly trying and failing to make like a diamond
shaped helicopters right and then and then people are like whoa look at that
and it's like yeah that's a it's gotta be it's I mean I'm not a guy that doesn't
believe in aliens I just I just yeah I think that any anybody that was ever
visiting us why would they send it's not gonna I just yeah is there a little
dude in a thing going like humans I'm watching them with my sports car that I
fly it's like obviously no they would they probably poke a hole in space and
time and the thing that popped out would likely not be visible to us in the
equivalent of a drone right what's the conspiracy we should have paid
attention to but did not whitewater we might have three different answers yeah
what do you think that I just before we get there the important thing with the
UFOs bendy buck let's just milk it was an inside job milk was an inside job the
important thing with the UFOs story was that we know about Project Blue Book and
bunch of these projects that occurred from the 40s onward up that we're
studying the government studying UFOs what is it what could it possibly be it
had to do with the Cold War as well as we got into that era just trying to
figure out which country maybe is outclassing us with technology should
be worried about that well agreed at that time but then the official story was
that it went away we don't we're not worried about anything like that anymore
that's that stuff is hogwash there's no extra terrestrials everything's fine then
this footage gets leaked and then we find out that wait in fact our government
has been studying unidentified flying objects this whole time and there's a
lot of data there and there are people that you know about like names within
our government that were actually Tom DeLonge no it wasn't Tom DeLonge there
are there are people he's in the Senate that were running stuff I mean it how
does it make you guys feel when because the big headline of that thing seems to
be that the Navy said in an uncharacteristic like they're like yes
that's legit they tried to get in front of it we didn't want you to see it I found
it weirdly underwhelming why is that isn't that sad I couldn't tell I was in
this day and age when everything's been so stirred up I was sort of like my I
guess my my gut was sort of like ah is everybody just so scared right now that
that like we're just being gentle people now like like that the Navy's like
like some guy who's in charge is like you know I'm probably gonna get fired
tomorrow for like saying the wrong thing about a haircut so like what is my job
for real like am I gonna be an admiral tomorrow am I gonna end up the Secretary
of State probably I get like like I've I've had this conversation with my
fiancee I'm gonna fucking play it as it lays and it came across as jaskin he's
like just tell him the truth Henderson and Henderson's like the truth sir it's
like you hurt me at ease do whatever it's like tell him what's it like yeah it
leaked it's not footage that the Navy hands out we don't know if it's a you
a fucking alien but like fuck it things are like operating bureaucratically
that was just like the Navy says real footage of a real UFO don't know if
it's an alien yes those bros you hear flying those top gun planes that's them
going like what the fuck bro that is then as opposed to the traditional thing
of like we can either confirm no denials are you and you who got to me yeah it
was like I that was my that was what my heart said but then I had to follow it
up with like panic of like ah that's what they I know this is what they want you
to think but disinformation within that realm is just the norm I mean if you
think about the Vietnam War what was allowed to actually be reported within
United States of what's going on for strategic advantage something like that
if we're if there are actually extraterrestrial species of some sort or
some faction visiting us then why on earth would anyone who knows about it
who's afraid for national security purposes for humanity's purposes why
would they ever come out on any news source anywhere and say yes this is a
thing like they died I can't imagine that ever occurring but also people are
very terrible at keeping secrets like super shit it's certainly what we've
learned yeah like and we and we've pitted the height of like this could
profit you against it like we have seen people definitely facing like we've been
so cynical about the the supposed incentive of like well nobody wants to
get fired and everyone just does what they're supposed to do and it's like a
jumper cable has been attached to the wrong post of a system and I'm not
saying is perfect and has any kind of inherent like integrity to it but it's
just like this weird fucking rando dude like has revealed that most human
beings even if they work on a government payroll are kind of like cool yes sir
I'll do that god damn it do your diary this motherfucker made me do some fucked
up shit hey Stacy if I get shot tomorrow tell them and Stacy's like what
did you just tell me what I think you told I got it you know I gotta tell
Marshall tell Marshall fuck you I was like like I'm finished with my job this
motherfucker told me to do some crazy shit yeah I quit well you should quit well
then I did quit you're a whistleblower so are you who you should quit and meanwhile
he's like you're fired you're fired you're fired and everybody it's it's
working the same way a Starbucks does and I find that refreshing that they're
not so different I that's the one layer of it but I'm like this is all working
the exact way I would think human beings that are that they're on they're not all
weird people in warehouses keeping the Illuminati secrets from us that it's
been exposed that they're mostly just dunder Mifflin right and to to what
you're saying like there's this paradigm shift and it goes to like the cost of
information right in the 50s for instance people would say you know if
we're a G person we're a government agent we would say well the truth can't
get out people learn about shit through you know one of the following 16 ways
we'll shut those 16 ways down and now that there are billions I I always think
about like if you guys ever growing up and your parents did something fallible
and human and you were like what the fuck you're someone yeah someone's supposed
to be in charge you know what I mean and like I'm I can't believe mom just
threw my birthday cake at my dad yeah did I turn 10 or not yeah right exactly
and so seeing seeing that fuck it moment from the Navy or from people who are
supposed to be kind of psychologically a fill-in for an authoritarian figure it's
a lot like the cake throwing not to mention what you said at the top of the
show about how like that level of cooperation just doesn't happen I mean
it really doesn't I mean I think Matt is unless unless it's an internment camp
yep unless it's a Grenada invasion or a government toppling say the Panama
Canal yeah then you have multi levels of agencies coming together trading
information between each other sending agents in well you can count it you can
count on America sorry to interrupt you but yeah which is like it's like yeah
you look at a black box and it's like you it it's it's it's effortless the
silence if everyone's on the same page it's a that's it's like relative like
outside the box of America conspiracies abound because with lots of
cooperation because it's it's all dead man switches where if no one hits a
button nothing happens and yeah I would I would I would counter though I would
counter though how did everybody in this room immediately know the three to
four things you named because I didn't oh okay well I just recognized them as
problematic I'm just like oh yeah no for sure like honestly I but I only point
that out actually because that's part of how it works is that there is no point
to understanding what's happening in Nicaragua Granada there's no point in
understanding these sort of boring details and that part of politics is to
try to put things in that box like healthcare is the forces that be like
they try to put health they try to make healthcare feel like the invasion of a
foreign country in Central America they try whatever I'm derailing it but but
like it is your point you're making which is actually 250 million people can
effectively relative to Ethiopia they can they could keep a real big secret yeah
like no one blows any whistles yeah and Cambodia no one blows any whistles and
anybody in a third-world country like like like from their perspective you
wonder how those people feel they go like god damn you people work together
pretty pretty nicely I mean absolutely it's not it's even more from where I'm
sitting there's incredible incredible cooperation there's and that's the
interesting thing about conspiracy theories and I just real quick is that
yeah it depends on what side of the coin you're on whether or not you believe in
them if you have if you have seen a system actively hunt kill find maim do
destroy entire communities that when somebody drops a conspiracy theory on
you you're like yeah that sounds probable and but if you have lived in a
privileged society and you've been a beneficiary of that privilege you're like
why the fuck would you like coordinate Tony and mark you ever try to get Tony
in marketing to do something right yeah right so from definitely from where
you're sitting there it looks like people aren't that fucking smart but I
really can tell you how smart they get well CIA crack cocaine that's a great
example of an actively think that's a great example of an actively perpetrated
and relatively easy to prove conspiracy but here's the perfidious insidious part
it's not so much about keeping a secret as it is about devaluing the truth right
so so again the things you name sure people can black box as you said Dan a
secret for some some set amount of time eventually the truth outs right well
eventually the truth becomes more valuable than the crack right and so then
we have to ask ourselves what crack are we smoking that like what that gets you
high first that is worth money for 60 years that's worth more than the truth
I see what defeats conspiracy is a a transparency and a ground game that is
people talking amongst each other mm-hmm so that is one of the reasons I feel
like certain communities are able to survive those conspiracies no matter
what the cooperation is on the earth the other end because of the price of this
particular item in this neighborhood has changed or has not changed you can't
talk to me about global markets do you know what I'm saying yes okay absolutely
because it's the the the question here it also becomes a question of I love that
you said transparency because what people dismiss as conspiracies whether
whether it might be demonstrably untrue or very provably a fact the the one
thing those have in common is that speculation thrives in the absence of
transparency and then also people are you know people are inherently
narcissistic which is not necessarily a bad thing people are explaining the
story of themselves to a worldview so like these like the far-right deep state
people are always there they're not looking at stuff that makes them go oh I
should change the way I approach it they're not like I have a teaching moment
or a learning thing here they're always like oh yeah I was fucking more right
than I thought it was multiple levels and so what what I appreciate here is the
point that you're raising that we have to emphasize it is we have to emphasize
that highlight it italicize it I don't give a fuck the important part here but
just put apostrophes everywhere I'm sure it'll you know yeah if the if the
New York Times removes them then they're trying to make us look stupid and then
they're in on it but the the thing is that that the people are not idiots people
are not stupid whenever we run into a community that has something that is
demonstrably from the first approach seems untrue or seems crazy you have to
listen to those people because they're not making it up for shits and giggles
nobody serious like nobody woke up one day and said hey I think the I think this
law enforcement department and this part of this community is actively hunting
these people nobody said you know what would be funny you know it'd be a real
like just a great bit right that that comes from a real place women didn't
come together and go let's fuck with them on equal pay let's see what happens
we'll lie about how much we make on the dollar we'll keep it a secret that we
actually get paid more right right well there's enough prisons are great all
those secrets so let's amend it to say let's if we want to be completely clear
let's amend it to say that groups of people or institutions or you know
organizations religious groups whatever you want to however people get
together and hang out they are capable of cooperating when as Noel said they
are either preserving what they see as their status quo or they are increasing
what they see is like the share of whatever pie they have made in their
head going back to your idea of non-corporeal I mean articles of faith
right yeah it's ultimately what it is well I think that's a really interesting
thought to arrive at is that because I certainly I never parsed conspiracy
theory in that sense that actually if you if you unhitch from the stigma that
the historical stigma that says conspiracy theory is a term of abuse like
you said and then you start to ask well what is a conspiracy and what is a
theory and then start to actually probably the most valuable way we can
like digest conspiracy theories and start to ask ourselves in what way am I a
Bilderberg and what in what way am I like someone else's conspiracy because
that's like like why was I why do I have this life and who doesn't have this
life and from their perspective and is it possible I'm in cahoots with my
neighbor even though I don't like them as a but like from someone else's
perspective couldn't you say I'm in cahoots with them and like to kind of
like actually look at life in terms of those connections which is really just
another way of saying problematization like you're looking at who's benefiting
and who's not what a drag but for me anyway it's true it's I have nothing to
gain from it so I'm probably just gonna convince everybody that the Jews are
controlling them oh that didn't get a big enough laugh it's too real it's too
close to the holiday my fiance is one come on I'm not anti-semitic it's
impossible yeah right out there was some of my best you can't have sex with
people you hate when does that ever happen no never a million of us I like
girlfriends probably watching this sometimes I say things that I think I'm
like wow this will get a big great big laugh because the joke is I could never
be that shitty a person and everyone's like oh and the worst part the worst
part is if you see someone the back going yeah hopefully you're not back
there oh boy in my dream I mean that would I take that over the judgment but
these atoms they got a guy that's just a hand
he's just like a hand he's walking around yeah
that is Harmontown ladies and gentlemen thanks everybody so much
Rob Schrab Spencer Crittenden once again Matt, Ben, Noel, and Dan Harmon of
course I've been Brandon Johnson we wish you a happy birthday Jeff Davis we
miss you so much watch creeps show Rob Schrab in the house downtown Dynasty
Theater Sarah Hill Nolan Fabrikus Zac McKeever up in the booth you know how we
get down good night listen to stuff they don't want you to know on the stuff you
should know network shout out to Matt Riddle right there in the front I keep
the reason we were able to be here tonight fantastic thank you other Matt
good to me in all right and I'm gonna be on their podcast well we're recording
tomorrow but thanks for coming up did you get any of that
it's a good show